Add philanthropic fundraising (#672)
publiccodenet/about: activities/philanthropic-fundraising/King-Baudouin.md

---
type: Guide
---

# How to donate through the King Baudouin Foundation

> The Foundation for Public Code has set up a so called "Advised Gift Fund" at the King Baudouin Foundation (KBFUS) in the U.S. 

Reviewer: "So called" could be read as sarcastic. I've put 'advised gift fund' in lower case because it's a generic term - it doesn't have to be a specific quotation.
```suggestion
The Foundation for Public Code has set up an advised gift fund at the King Baudouin Foundation US (KBFUS) in the U.S. 
```

Author: KBFUS wrote in with capitals, so followed that example but will apply your suggestions. Thanks for pointing out "so called" good to know

Reviewer: Capitalizing jargon highlights how special it is, and makes it seem more impressive and unapproachable. Writing generic terms with lower case makes them symobolically accessible.

Through the Online Giving Center you can make secure, tax deductible (credit card) donations to us. 

You can find our Foundation for Public Code US Fund information page in the King Baudouin [Online Giving Center.](https://kbfus.networkforgood.com/projects/52915-p-kbfus-funds-foundation-for-public-code-nl)

Because KBFUS is a public charity, within the meaning of Sections 501(c)(3) and 509(a)(1) of the U.S.
Internal Revenue Code, donors may be eligible for a U.S. income tax deduction for their contribution to

> the Advised Gift Fund, to the extent permitted by U.S. tax law.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
our advised gift fund, to the extent permitted by U.S. tax law.
```

> More information about the [King Baudouin Fund](https://kbfus.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Read more about the King Baudouin Fund](https://kbfus.org/).
```
